kitchen tools such as fruit decorators
fruit spoons or melon ballers can be
utilized to prepare appetizing ways of
serving fruit for instance a fruit
decorator can be used on a melon to
produce two pieces equal in size with
jagged edges the fruit spoon is also
useful for removing seeds from the
inside of a melon
the two halves of the melon are now
being prepared for a filling made of
colorful fruit or other ingredients
later a touch of lemon juice or mint and
the job is done kitchen tools like fruit
spoons fruit decorators and melon
ballers can be used for a variety of
purposes such as scooping out vegetables
like tomatoes or kohlrabi which in turn
are filled with pasty or cheese and
decorated with a variety of ingredients
there are no limits to your imagination
when using these tools humorous pumpkin
faces are just as easy to prepare as
colorful fruit arrangements the fruit
spoon can also be used as a scoop ice
cream and makes it easier to serve